Now let's first take a look at all the things that you'll be making in this module.
So one of the projects is a registration screen like this one, as well as a real time clock app,
in addition to a dictionary for emojis and a beautiful To-Do list.
But of course the big project that we're working towards is a app called Keeper which is a clone of
Google Keep so that whenever you have any new ideas then you can simply take a note and add it to your
own Keeper app. In order to be able to do this
you're going to be learning a lot of new technologies and tools and especially how to work with the
React framework including things such as JSX, Props, Components, Containers, how to work with the Virtual
DOM. But you're also going to be learning about state management and declarative programming including
the use of React hooks such as useState. And the other big thing about this module is that it's going
to teach you a lot of ES6 or ES2015 concepts.
So we're going to get deeper into JavaScript and we're going to learn about things such as destructuring,
the spread operator, map and filter, import export.
So as you can see, it's yet another jam packed module that's ready for you to learn.
And by the end of the module, you're going to be well versed in React and ready to build some beautiful
frontends using this wonderful framework.
I hope you're as excited as I am to get started.
Head over to the next lesson and let's start writing some React code right away.